# ABCU-Course-Search

The purpose of this code is to create a course program in the Computer Science program. This program imports data from csv file, add them in binary search tree, print the whole list, and search a specific course from the list.
Each course will have name, course ID, and its prerequisites in the data structure.
Determining which data structure to use was a challenging problem. Different data structures have their own strengths and weaknesses, and developers have to decide which data structure is optimal for the software. While hash function has its strength in searching, I decided to use binary search tree due to its ease of access when searchign the data.
The most important and challenging part of this software was designing a code that will travel through left and right branches of the tree. As both adding or searching node in BST requires this method, it was important to create working code. I made tree to travel left if value is less than current node's value and to right if value is more than current node's value until pointer is set to null.
This project expanded my approach to desgin software by teaching me how important a data structure is. Different data structures are created with different codes, and they have tyeir own strengths and weaknesses. Additionally, I learned how I can write my programs to be maintainable, readable, and apoptable. Using standard naming convention, writing comments, combining repeated lines into a custom function, and keeping main function as minimum as possible are all important factors of program to be maintainable, readable and adoptable. These actions enable developers to maintain codes more easily as repeated codes are separated into a custom function. Using standard naming convesntion allows programmers to make codes more readable without going back on what each variable stands for. 
